[Music]
[Music] now when the Queen of Sheba heard of the
now when the Queen of Sheba heard of the
now when the Queen of Sheba heard of the fame of Solomon she came to Jerusalem to
fame of Solomon she came to Jerusalem to
fame of Solomon she came to Jerusalem to test Solomon with hard questions having
test Solomon with hard questions having
test Solomon with hard questions having a very great retinue camels that bore
a very great retinue camels that bore
a very great retinue camels that bore spices gold and abundance and precious
spices gold and abundance and precious
spices gold and abundance and precious stones and when she came to Solomon she
stones and when she came to Solomon she
stones and when she came to Solomon she spoke with him about all that was in her
spoke with him about all that was in her
spoke with him about all that was in her heart
heart
heart so Solomon answered all her questions
so Solomon answered all her questions
so Solomon answered all her questions there was nothing so difficult for
there was nothing so difficult for
there was nothing so difficult for Solomon that he could not explain it to
Solomon that he could not explain it to
Solomon that he could not explain it to her and when the Queen of Sheba had seen
her and when the Queen of Sheba had seen
her and when the Queen of Sheba had seen the wisdom of Solomon the house that he
the wisdom of Solomon the house that he
the wisdom of Solomon the house that he had built the food on his table the
had built the food on his table the
had built the food on his table the seating of his servants the service of
seating of his servants the service of
seating of his servants the service of his waiters and their apparel his cup
his waiters and their apparel his cup
his waiters and their apparel his cup bears and their apparel and his entry
bears and their apparel and his entry
bears and their apparel and his entry way by which he went up to the house of
way by which he went up to the house of
way by which he went up to the house of the Lord there was no more spirit in her
the Lord there was no more spirit in her
the Lord there was no more spirit in her then she said to the king
then she said to the king
then she said to the king it was a true report which I heard in my
it was a true report which I heard in my
it was a true report which I heard in my own land about your words and your
own land about your words and your
own land about your words and your wisdom however I did not believe their
wisdom however I did not believe their
wisdom however I did not believe their words until I came and saw with my own
words until I came and saw with my own
words until I came and saw with my own eyes and indeed the half of the
eyes and indeed the half of the
eyes and indeed the half of the greatness of your wisdom was not told me
greatness of your wisdom was not told me
greatness of your wisdom was not told me you exceed the fame of which I heard
you exceed the fame of which I heard
you exceed the fame of which I heard happy are your men and happy are these
happy are your men and happy are these
happy are your men and happy are these your servants who stand continually
your servants who stand continually
your servants who stand continually before you and hear your wisdom blessed
before you and hear your wisdom blessed
before you and hear your wisdom blessed be the Lord your God who delighted in
be the Lord your God who delighted in
be the Lord your God who delighted in you setting you on his throne to be king
you setting you on his throne to be king
you setting you on his throne to be king for the Lord your God because your God
for the Lord your God because your God
for the Lord your God because your God has loved Israel to establish them
has loved Israel to establish them
has loved Israel to establish them forever therefore he made you king over
forever therefore he made you king over
forever therefore he made you king over them to do justice and righteousness and
them to do justice and righteousness and
them to do justice and righteousness and she gave the King one hundred and twenty
she gave the King one hundred and twenty
she gave the King one hundred and twenty talents of gold spices in great
talents of gold spices in great
talents of gold spices in great abundance and precious stones there
abundance and precious stones there
abundance and precious stones there never were any spices such as those the
never were any spices such as those the
never were any spices such as those the queen of sheba gave to King Solomon also
queen of sheba gave to King Solomon also
queen of sheba gave to King Solomon also the servants of Hiram and the servants
the servants of Hiram and the servants
the servants of Hiram and the servants of Solomon who brought gold from offer
of Solomon who brought gold from offer
of Solomon who brought gold from offer brought algum wood and precious stones
brought algum wood and precious stones
brought algum wood and precious stones and the King made walkways of the algum
and the King made walkways of the algum
and the King made walkways of the algum wood for the house of the Lord and for
wood for the house of the Lord and for
wood for the house of the Lord and for the Kings house also harps and stringed
the Kings house also harps and stringed
the Kings house also harps and stringed instruments for singers and there were
instruments for singers and there were
instruments for singers and there were nuns
nuns
nuns such as these seen before in the land of
such as these seen before in the land of
such as these seen before in the land of Judah
Judah
Judah now King Solomon gave to the Queen of
now King Solomon gave to the Queen of
now King Solomon gave to the Queen of Sheba all she desired whatever she asked
Sheba all she desired whatever she asked
Sheba all she desired whatever she asked much more than she had brought to the
much more than she had brought to the
much more than she had brought to the king so she turned and went to her own
king so she turned and went to her own
king so she turned and went to her own country she and her servants the weight
country she and her servants the weight
country she and her servants the weight of gold that came to Solomon yearly was
of gold that came to Solomon yearly was
of gold that came to Solomon yearly was six hundred and sixty-six talents of
six hundred and sixty-six talents of
six hundred and sixty-six talents of gold besides what the travelling
gold besides what the travelling
gold besides what the travelling merchants and traders bought
merchants and traders bought
merchants and traders bought and all the kings of Arabia and
and all the kings of Arabia and
and all the kings of Arabia and governors of the country brought gold
governors of the country brought gold
governors of the country brought gold and silver to Psalm and King Solomon
and silver to Psalm and King Solomon
and silver to Psalm and King Solomon made 200 large shields of hammered gold
made 200 large shields of hammered gold
made 200 large shields of hammered gold 600 shekels of hammered gold went into
600 shekels of hammered gold went into
600 shekels of hammered gold went into each shield
each shield
each shield he also made 300 shields of hammered
he also made 300 shields of hammered
he also made 300 shields of hammered gold three hundred shekels of gold went
gold three hundred shekels of gold went
gold three hundred shekels of gold went into each shield the King put them in
into each shield the King put them in
into each shield the King put them in the house of the forest of Lebanon or
the house of the forest of Lebanon or
the house of the forest of Lebanon or over the King made a great throne of
over the King made a great throne of
over the King made a great throne of ivory and overlaid it with pure gold the
ivory and overlaid it with pure gold the
ivory and overlaid it with pure gold the throne had six steps with a footstool of
throne had six steps with a footstool of
throne had six steps with a footstool of gold which were fastened to the throne
gold which were fastened to the throne
gold which were fastened to the throne they were armrests on either side of the
they were armrests on either side of the
they were armrests on either side of the place of the seat and two Lions stood
place of the seat and two Lions stood
place of the seat and two Lions stood beside the arm rests 12 Lions stood
beside the arm rests 12 Lions stood
beside the arm rests 12 Lions stood there one on each side of the six steps
there one on each side of the six steps
there one on each side of the six steps nothing like this had been made for any
nothing like this had been made for any
nothing like this had been made for any other Kingdom all King Solomon's
other Kingdom all King Solomon's
other Kingdom all King Solomon's drinking vessels were gold and all the
drinking vessels were gold and all the
drinking vessels were gold and all the vessels of the house of the forest of
vessels of the house of the forest of
vessels of the house of the forest of Lebanon were pure gold not one was
Lebanon were pure gold not one was
Lebanon were pure gold not one was silver for this was accounted as nothing
silver for this was accounted as nothing
silver for this was accounted as nothing in the days of Solomon for the King
in the days of Solomon for the King
in the days of Solomon for the King ships went to tosha's with the servants
ships went to tosha's with the servants
ships went to tosha's with the servants of Hiram
of Hiram
of Hiram once every three years the merchant
once every three years the merchant
once every three years the merchant ships came bringing gold silver ivory
ships came bringing gold silver ivory
ships came bringing gold silver ivory Apes and monkeys
Apes and monkeys
Apes and monkeys so King Solomon surpassed all the kings
so King Solomon surpassed all the kings
so King Solomon surpassed all the kings of the earth in riches and wisdom and
of the earth in riches and wisdom and
of the earth in riches and wisdom and all the kings of the earth sought the
all the kings of the earth sought the
all the kings of the earth sought the presence of Solomon to hear his wisdom
presence of Solomon to hear his wisdom
presence of Solomon to hear his wisdom which God had put in his heart
which God had put in his heart
which God had put in his heart each man bought his present articles of
each man bought his present articles of
each man bought his present articles of silver and gold garments armor spices
silver and gold garments armor spices
silver and gold garments armor spices horses and mules at a set rate year by
horses and mules at a set rate year by
horses and mules at a set rate year by year Solomon had four thousand stalls
year Solomon had four thousand stalls
year Solomon had four thousand stalls for horses and chariots and twelve
for horses and chariots and twelve
for horses and chariots and twelve thousand horsemen whom he stationed in
thousand horsemen whom he stationed in
thousand horsemen whom he stationed in the chariot cities and with the king at
the chariot cities and with the king at
the chariot cities and with the king at Jerusalem so he reigned over all the
Jerusalem so he reigned over all the
Jerusalem so he reigned over all the kings from the river to the land of the
kings from the river to the land of the
kings from the river to the land of the Philistines as far as the border of
Philistines as far as the border of
Philistines as far as the border of Egypt the king made silver is common in
Egypt the king made silver is common in
Egypt the king made silver is common in Jerusalem as stones and he made cedar
Jerusalem as stones and he made cedar
Jerusalem as stones and he made cedar trees as abundant as the Sycamores which
trees as abundant as the Sycamores which
trees as abundant as the Sycamores which are in the lowland and they brought
are in the lowland and they brought
are in the lowland and they brought horses to Solomon from Egypt and from
horses to Solomon from Egypt and from
horses to Solomon from Egypt and from all lands now the rest of the acts of
all lands now the rest of the acts of
all lands now the rest of the acts of Solomon first and last are they not
Solomon first and last are they not
Solomon first and last are they not written in the book of nathan the
written in the book of nathan the
written in the book of nathan the prophet in the prophecy of a Hydra the
prophet in the prophecy of a Hydra the
prophet in the prophecy of a Hydra the Shiloh Knight and in the visions of Edo
Shiloh Knight and in the visions of Edo
Shiloh Knight and in the visions of Edo the seer concerning Jeroboam the son of
the seer concerning Jeroboam the son of
the seer concerning Jeroboam the son of Nebat
Nebat
Nebat Solomon reigned in Jerusalem over all
Solomon reigned in Jerusalem over all
Solomon reigned in Jerusalem over all Israel forty years then Solomon rested
Israel forty years then Solomon rested
Israel forty years then Solomon rested with his father's and was buried in the
with his father's and was buried in the
with his father's and was buried in the City of David his father
City of David his father
City of David his father and Rehoboam his son reigned in his
and Rehoboam his son reigned in his
and Rehoboam his son reigned in his place